gh-138252: Add support in SSL module for getting and setting TLS signature algorithms (#138269)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ssl.rst

      :data:`VERIFY_X509_STRICT` in its default verify flags.

Signature algorithms
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. function: get_sigalgs()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. function:: get_sigalgs()
```

With only two leading dots and a single colon after function, the entire paragraph is actually... a comment :') I'll actually open an issue for the following follow-up (docs) works:

- Indicate positional-only parameters in SSL docs.
- Indicate which OpenSSL version is required for the functionality.
- Reword some English if needed (I don't know if it's needed but maybe).

Do you remember if there were more things that I needed to do on the docs?

Author: We also discussed changing `_ssl__SSLContext_set_ciphers_impl` to use `_setSSLError` similar to what I did in `_ssl__SSLContext_set_ciphersuites_impl`. There might be other places manually doing `ERR_clear_error()` which could benefit from this. As part of that, the errcode argument can be removed from that function, as the value passed in is never used.

You also mentioned something about another PR which was updating the "Contributed by" lines to consistently include a period at the end).

Reviewer: Ah yes, thank you. The use of `_setSSLError` should be a separate issue as for the "Contributed by" lines will be addressed as part of #133879.

Reviewer: We now have https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/138635 for the What's New, https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/138634 for the SSL error (it also includes https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/138269#discussion_r2328703198) and https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/138633 for the docs.

   .. versionadded:: next

.. method:: SSLSocket.client_sigalg()

   Return the signature algorithm used for performing certificate-based client
   authentication on this connection. If no connection has been established

>    or client authentication didn't occur, this method returns ``None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return the signature algorithm used for performing certificate-based client
   authentication on this connection, or ``None`` if no connection
   has been established or client authentication didn't occur.
```

Author: Done.

   .. versionadded:: next

.. method:: SSLSocket.server_sigalg()

   Return the signature algorithm used by the server to complete the TLS
   handshake on this connection. If no connection has been established

>    or the cipher suite has no signature, this method returns ``None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return the signature algorithm used by the server to complete the TLS
   handshake on this connection, or ``None`` If no connection has been
   established or the cipher suite has no signature.
```

Author: Done.

   .. versionadded:: next

> .. method:: SSLContext.set_client_sigalgs(sigalgs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. method:: SSLContext.set_client_sigalgs(sigalgs, /)
```

I don't remember but do we actually have those "positional-only" markers? if yes, add it, if not, let's do it in a follow-up.

Author: I don't see any sign of the docs in ssl.rst marking arguments as positional-only in any of the other methods, so I'm going to leave this as-is for now.
